Cloud v2/overview #662 (#699)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/reference/pages/properties/cluster-properties.adoc

=== raft_timeout_now_timeout_ms

> Timeout for Raft's timeout_now RPC. This RPC is used to force a follower to dispatch a round of votes immediately.

Reviewer: @Deflaimun I didn't know anything about Raft timeout_now RPC so I googled it but didn't find anything. Does this make sense to you?

Reviewer 2: Yes. According to the developer:

>"timeout_now" is a raft RPC that instructs a follower to dispatch a round of vote right away (which is normally only done if the leader didn't heartbeat for a while). 

If I could draw a correlation to something more simple, it would be similar to a [shutdown in http](https://fullstack.wiki/http/close)

=== topic_partitions_reserve_shard0

> Reserved partition slots on shard (CPU core) 0 on each node.  If this is greater or equals <<topic_partitions_per_core,`topic_partitions_per_core`>>, no data partitions will be scheduled on shard 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reserved partition slots on shard (CPU core) 0 on each node.  If this is greater than or equal to <<topic_partitions_per_core,`topic_partitions_per_core`>>, no data partitions will be scheduled on shard 0.
```
